DAN: Not long after we freed New Vestroia,
King Zenoheld came out of hiding, and brought with
him the Bakugan Termination System.
It's a machine designed to destroy all of the Bakugan.
But in order to power it he needed the attribute
energies of the Six Ancient Warriors.
DAN: But the Ancients tricked Zenoheld and
transferred their powers to six Bakugan.
DAN: Their energies caused the Bakugan to evolve into
more powerful versions of themselves.
DAN: The fate of the Bakugan is in our hands
and the stake are high.
But we're ready to fight!
[\u266a]
OPERATOR A: Status report, please.
OPERATOR B: Systems check level two, complete.
Reports indicate a data error with the inflow on
units V1 and V2.
MARUCHO: Okay, we'll have to bypass that sector for now.
MARUCHO: Select unit V3...We'll put that one online.
OPERATOR A: Transferring and re-optimizing data for
the holo-drive program.
MARUCHO: Great. Let's do it guys.
OPERATOR B: Launching program and commencing data check.
MARUCHO: Oh wow. When Dan and the others find out
about this it's gonna blow their minds. [giggle]
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Virtual Insanity.
[\u266a]
BILLY: It's been a long time.
BILLY: I wonder if Julie will even recognize
me...Hey, what do ya think Cycloid?
CYCLOID: Ah, sure she will, Boss!
BILLY: Okay. Let's go see!
BILLY: What? Are you kidding me?
BILLY: I came all this way and Julie isn't even here?
TATSUO: Ah sorry young fella...she's off with
Runo They're staying at the rich little blonde
kid's house.
TATSUO: Sorry to disappoint you.
BILLY: Blonde kid? Oh wait, you must mean Marucho.
TATSUO: Yeah, yeah. That's the one.
Hey, ya seen his house?
I've been in airports smaller than that!
BILLY: Whoa!
SHADOW PROVE: Where could those Brawlers be?
I'm just itching for a fight.
[lick]
MYLENE: Oh Relax.
SHADOW PROVE: Relax? What are you talking about?
I'm totally relaxed!
Hmmm?
[gauntlet signal]
MYLENE: Our Gauntlet's caught a signal.
SHADOW PROVE: I smell...a Brawler.
Maybe I'll get my battle after all.
MYLENE: Let's go.
SHADOW PROVE: Right on!
SHADOW PROVE: Hey, why do we always have to go your way?
[\u266a]
MYLENE: It's him alright. Looks like Blondie's our guy.
SHADOW PROVE: If he's a Brawler.
How come I don't recognize him?
MYLENE: It doesn't really matter.
We'll still use him to lead us to the others.
[\u266a]
DAN: [exertion - in time with reps]
DRAGO: That's it, Dan. Feel the burn.
ACE: [exertion - in time with reps]
PERCIVAL: That's it, Ace. You got it!
ACE: [struggling]
ACE: [grunt] Huh?
PERCIVAL: What's wrong? Why did you stop?
ACE: I thought I...uh, never mind.
DAN: [grunt] What's the matter?
Run out of steam or something?
ACE: It's just...? I got this weird feeling that
someone was watching us just now.
DAN: Whah?
JULIE: [giggling]
RUNO: What? You were spying on them?
JULIE: I never said that.
JULIE: I was just watching them work out.
It's pretty impressive how strong Ace is.
RUNO: Whoa...You like Ace?
JULIE: I never said that either.
I'm just saying his muscles are impressive.
RUNO: Okay...It just sounds like you're saying....
MIRA: She doesn't like him. Okay, Runo?
TIGRERRA: Perhaps we should change the subject.
RUNO: [laughter]
RUNO: Sorry, Julie. I wasn't trying to cause trouble.
I just thought Billy was...
JULIE: Well.. he's a no good, thoughtless guy who
hasn't called me in forever?
Forget Billy.
I'm so over that Dude.
GOREM: You ever wish you belonged to a boy Brawler?
WILLDA: Not really. Girls may talk more.
But they smell way better.
MIRA: Hey, you!
MIRA: What are you saying about girls?
WILLDA: Hmmm? Me? Oh nothing.
KATO: Excuse me, ladies.
KATO: It seems you have a guest, Madam Julie.
BILLY: Hey Julie. It's me, Billy!
JULIE: Oh Billy! It's so good to see you!
RUNO: Well, so much for her being like over him.
RUNO: I guess she really does like Billy.
DAN: Dude!
DAN: It's really good to see you again.
BILLY: Yeah man!
MARUCHO: This is quite a surprise.
SHUN: Yeah. How did you find us?
BILLY: Oh, you know. I've got my sources.
JULIE: Hey guys. I'd like you to meet my friend Billy.
BARON: Hey, my name's Baron.
ACE: My name's Ace.
MIRA: I'm Mira. Nice to meet you.
BILLY: Alright! Any friend of Julie's is a friend of mine!
[laughs]
BILLY: Do you guys like to Brawl as much as I do?
JULIE: You bet!
BILLY: Woooohooo!
JULIE: Yeah!
MIRA: Oh man And I thought Julie had a lot of energy.
ACE: Is this guy for real?
MIRA: I hope he's not staying long.
BARON: Huh...I dunno. I think he's kind of cool.
DRAGO: This is Subterra Cycloid.
CYCLOID: Hey, what's shakin' bacon?
PERCIVAL: I'm not sure I understand.
NEMUS: I think it's a figure of speech.
A sort of greeting.
NEMUS: I'm guessing he picked it up from his Brawler.
CYCLOID: Why so stiff guys?
JULIE: I don't get it.
Why didn't you call ahead to let us know you were
coming Billy?
BILLY: Ahhhhh.
BILLY: [laughter]
You know me, Julie.
I always like making a big entrance.
You know what I mean?
JULIE: Yeah, that's true. I guess.
DAN: Man...I heard you've been traveling around the
world to train.
I bet you've got some awesome stories to tell.
BILLY: Yeah....maybe a couple, but not like
you...what you guys were up to in New Vestroia and
Vestal is way cooler than anything I've been
doing...I'd rather talk about that stuff.
DAN: [gasp] You know about that?
SHUN: More sources?
BILLY: Actually, I ran into Klaus a while
back...and he gave me one of these...
SHUN: A Gauntlet? Why would you bring that here?
BILLY: Why not?
You never know when it might come in handy, right?
INGRAM: What's wrong, Shun?
SHUN: Something feels wrong...
KATO: Master Marucho.
Your chief technician wanted me to
inform you that everything is ready.
MARUCHO: Fantastic. Tell them we'll be right there.
DAN: What test is he talking about?
RUNO: Huh? Yeah,common?
MARUCHO: [laughter]
[\u266a]
MARUCHO: Come on, guys. Follow me.
DAN: Oh man, what is this place?
ACE: It's like we're inside some kind of videogame.
MARUCHO: Actually, Ace.
You're not really that far off.
MARUCHO: This is the Operation Room for the
online Virtual Reality system I built called
Bakugan Interspace.
DAN: What the heck is Bakugan Interspace?
MARUCHO: Well, you guys remember that when we were
first introduced to our Bakugan...
MARUCHO: we thought they and the cards were just
part of a game.
DAN: Yeah. I remember.
Shun and I even made up some of the rules.
MIRA: Is that true?
DRAGO: We Bakugan were like helpless pawns.
DAN: I'm really sorry, buddy.
That was before we knew you were living beings,
just like us.
DRAGO: It's not your fault.
MARUCHO: Well, I wanted to see if I could bring back
the fun elements of the game but in a virtual form.
That way no Bakugan would be harmed...So I secretly
started this project and have been working on it in
my spare time.
RUNO: Looks like Billy isn't the only one around
here who likes surprises.
ACE: I don't see what's so great about surprises.
They're totally overrated.
BARON: Unless you're talking about surprise
birthday parties.
Especially when there's ice cream and cake!
MIRA: Okay, let me understand this...Kids
from all over the world can battle each other in
this Virtual arena anytime they want, just by logging on?
MARUCHO: Yes, that's basically it.
SHUN: Big deal. Sounds like a chat room.
MARUCHO: Nope. This is way cooler.
PREYAS: Would you quit stalling then.
Tell us about.
ELFIN: Yes Master Marucho. Tell us, tell us.
MARUCHO: Well, after several months of research
and lots of trial and error...
MARUCHO: ...my team of computer engineers and
technicians have finally figured out a way to
convert people to data and then import that data into
the virtual world.
[\u266a]
DAN: Awesome!
MIRA: Incredible!
ACE: Whoa!
MARUCHO: Well, that's the theory anyway.
PREYAS: Huh?
ELFIN: What do you mean, theory?
RUNO: So...you mean...
MIRA: We get to test it out?
MARUCHO: That's right. If you want to.
MARUCHO: I was going to...
MARUCHO: ...do it myself first but since you're all here.
ELFIN: I dunno Master Marucho.
It sounds pretty risky. Are you sure?
PREYAS: Yeah, Elfin's right.
I'm not sure you should make yourself a test guinea pig.
MARUCHO: Don't worry.
My staff have run every safety test.
MARUCHO: But if any of you are still unsure, I understand.
MARUCHO: Bakugan Interspace is a great way
for us to practice our Brawling, though, while we
hide out from the Vexos.
So what do you say?
DAN: I say, I'm in. Sign me up.
BARON: Yeah, I'm with Master Dan.
RUNO: Wait for me!
BILLY: Race you there Julie!
JULIE: Okay, I'm right behind you!
MIRA: So am I!
ACE: Me too!
MARUCHO: Awesome guys! This is gonna be so much fun!
DAN: You coming, Shun?
SHUN: I don't think so. Not this time Dan.
DAN: Come on, Shun. There's no reason to be scared.
SHUN: I'm not scared...I have something urgent I
need to attend to.
MIRA: What are you being so uptight about, Shun?
ACE: Leave him if he doesn't want to come.
MARUCHO: Maybe next time...Let's get this
party started...Commence testing, please.
OPERATOR A: Roger, sir. Stand by for primary uplink.
[\u266a]
OPERATOR B: Commencing synchronized translation.
OPERATOR A: Prepare for transport
in...five...four... three...two...one...
OPERATOR B: Mark! Translation!
[\u266a]
MARUCHO: Welcome to my digital world!
ACE: Are you ready for some virtual excitement!
[\u266a]
MARUCHO: Incredible! It actually worked!
DAN: You did it!
RUNO: So this is Bakugan Interspace?
BARON: This is where we're supposed to battle?
MARUCHO: No, we wouldn't actually brawl in here.
This is kind of like the waiting room.
MARUCHO: Follow me and I'll show you the arena options.
RUNO: There's more than one choice.
MARUCHO: Absolutely.
MARUCHO: We programmed several environments from
which you can choose where to have your battle.
MARUCHO: Although right now, there's only one
that's fully functional.
MARUCHO: Welcome to...
MARUCHO: ...Bakugan Interspace!
[\u266a]
DAN: Whoa!
JULIE: Amazing!
RUNO: It's just perfect!
DAN: So we can battle like it was for real.
DAN: This is so cool, man!
DRAGO: And we're in no danger of losing the
attribute energies to the Vexos.
ACE: Alright! When do we get started?
BARON: Yeah, I'm ready to go!
JULIE: Yeah, man!
RUNO: How 'bout it Marucho?
MARUCHO: Huh? Wait.
Hold on...If we all battle at once the system will
overload and crash!
MARUCHO: So how 'bout...
MARUCHO: ...we all draw straws to determine the
order of the brawls. Okay?
ALL: Come on...Nuuuuumber one!
DAN: Whaaat? Number 3?
This stinks!
DAN: I hate to be a sore loser but...
DAN: ...I should have been number one!
Who got it?
ACE: Hmmmphh. I did.
DAN: You did?
RUNO: Hey... come on, Dan. You can't always be first.
MARUCHO: Okay then.
So whoever got number two will be battling Ace.
ACE: Yeah, and the one I'll be beating.
BILLY: Oh yeah?
BILLY: Not so fast...you haven't seen my skills.
Oh yeah!
ACE: Yah yah.. big deal.
DAN: Come on, Billy can't go up against Ace.
BILLY: Huh? You don't think I'm good enough?
JULIE: Hey, Billy. How 'bout switching numbers with me?
You know. Ladies first.
RUNO: Hey, come on?
What was the point of drawing straws then?
MIRA: Just because you like Ace, doesn't mean you
can bud in like that.
BILLY: What's that? You mean she likes Ace?
JULIE: Oh, don't listen to them.
ACE: Enough, okay? I don't want to come between you two
love birds, alright?
So I'll take both of you on...What d'ya say?
BILLY: Okay!
JULIE: You bet!
MARUCHO: Okay, guys...I think the system can
handle a three-way battle for now.
MARUCHO: So the first battle will be Ace...
MARUCHO: ...versus Julie and Billy.
MARUCHO: Time to Brawl!
GAUNTLET: Gauntlet, activated.
ACE/JULIE/BILLY: Gauntlet Power Strike!
BILLY: Number one goes first...Gate Card Set!
[\u266a]
BILLY: Bakugan Brawl!
BILLY: Bakugan Stand!
CYCLOID: Oooooooh yeah! Who's ready to rumble?
ACE: I was born ready...Bakugan Brawl!
ACE: Bakugan Stand!
ACE: Go Darkus Percival!
PERCIVAL: Get ready to cry your eye out, Cycloid!
ACE: Ability activate! Stray Thunder!
[\u266a]
BILLY: No big deal! Ability activate!
BILLY: Boom Hammer!
CYCLOID: [exertion]
PERCIVAL: What? He nullified my ability!
ACE: Okay, Billy. Try this one.
ACE: I think you'll like it!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set.
ACE: Ability activate! Dain Sleif!
[\u266a]
PERCIVAL: [mighty roar]
PERCIVAL: [exertion]
CYCLOID: [exertion]
BILLY: Ability activate!
Skeet Punch!
CYCLOID: [mighty roar]
CYCLOID: You mighta ducked that punch but you won't
be so lucky again.
PERCIVAL: Did I hurt your delicate fist?
Poor baby.
ACE: All right Percival. Let's keep going.
Ability activate!
ACE: Geor Gunner!
PERCIVAL: Huuuuuaaaaaahhhhh!
BILLY: Ability activate! Stealth Swing!
[\u266a]
CYCLOID: Batter up!
CYCLOID: [growl]
CYCLOID: Grand slam!
BARON: Cycloid has hit it out of the park!
BARON: And the fans go wild!
DAN: Way to support your teammate there, Baron.
PERCIVAL: [grunt/pain]
BILLY: With Stealth Swing we can launch your ability
right back at you!
ACE: Are you kidding me?
JULIE: Billy was never this strong a brawler before.
DAN: Still glad you drew number one, Ace?
MIRA: What are you doing, Ace? Tighten it up!
ACE: You're right. Time to get serious here.
ACE: Let's try this.
ACE: Bakugan Trap!
Darkus Radfly!
[\u266a]
KATO: I don't understand.
You want to see the surveillance video?
SHUN: Yes. Something's been bothering me since
Billy arrived and I need to check it out.
KATO: As you wish.
ACE: Let's go! Ability activate!
ACE: Dual Buster!
BILLY: Dual Bust this, buddy...Ability Activate!
BILLY: Rocky Punch!
CYCLOID: Yeah...That's it Boss!
CYCLOID: [mighty roar]
[\u266a]
PERCIVAL: [Huuuuaaaaahhhh!]
CYCLOID: That one hurt!
CYCLOID: [pain, frustration]
GAUNTLET: Billy life force, 80%
JULIE: Sorry Billy. That was close.
ACE: No free passes! Gate Card, set!
[\u266a]
ACE: I'm number one! Bakugan Brawl!
BILLY: Not for long! Bakugan Brawl!
BILLY: Bakugan Stand!
CYCLOID: Who wants seconds cause I'm hungry for more!
JULIE: Okay Gorem?
Ready to lend Billy and Cycloid a hand?
GOREM: You know I'll follow you anywhere, Julie.
JULIE: That's what I like to hear.
JULIE: Come on, Gorem...Bakugan Brawl!
[\u266a]
JULIE: Annnnnnd...Ability Activate!
JULIE: Bakugan Stand...Grand Impact!
PERCIVAL: [grunt, pain]
GOREM: Subterra Hammer Gorem just got the drop in you.
MIRA: Maybe I was wrong about Julie liking
Ace...She sure is laying into him pretty heavy and
showing no mercy.
RUNO: Friends are friends, but Brawling is Brawling.
JULIE: Nexxxxxxt!
Ability activate!
JULIE: Talos Hammer!
[\u266a]
GOREM: [mighty roar]
ACE: Ability activate!
ACE: Blind Shield!
[\u266a]
PERCIVAL: [grunt, pain]
SHUN: Huh?
SHUN: Rewind that last part...I think I may have
seen something odd in there.
KATO: Of course, Master Shun.
[\u266a]
SHUN: Stop.
INGRAM: Huh? Is that...?
SHUN: I knew it.
JULIE: Gate Card, set!
[\u266a]
ACE/BILLY/JULIE: Bakugan Brawl!
ACE/BILLY/JULIE: Bakugan Stand!
ACE: And Bakugan Trap!
Radfly!
[\u266a]
JULIE: Ability activate!
Gorem Punch!
GOREM: [mighty roar]
BILLY: Ability activate!
Rocky Punch!
CYCLOID: I love the rocky punch!
PERCIVAL: [grunt, pain]
CYCLOID/GOREM: [exertion]
JULIE: Yeeeeeaahhhh! That's how it's done guys!
ACE: Not so fast, Julie...Ability activate!
[\u266a]
ACE: Stuka Enemy!
GOREM: [pain]
CYCLOID: [pain]
BILLY: Ability Activate! Gigantic Hammer!
CYCLOID: [mighty roar]
[\u266a]
ACE: Ability Activate!
ACE: Blind Shield!
[\u266a]
JULIE: Alright...Try this...Gate Card Open!
JULIE: Power Pressure!
JULIE: With this Command Card, any opponent Bakugan
with a power level that's higher than 400 can't use
their abilities...
JULIE: ...They can't even move!
BILLY: Nice one!
Now, the only thing he has left is his Trap Bakugan
which has a low power level!
ACE: That's all I'll need.
BILLY/JULIE: What?
[\u266a]
ACE: Ability, activate!
Darkus Fly Arrow!
[\u266a]
ACE: Let 'em have it...Percival!
CYCLOID/GOREM: [pain]
[\u266a]
BILLY: Noooooooo!
JULIE: Oh man, that really stinks!
BILLY: Almost means nothing in battle.
ACE: Come on. Don't feel too bad guys.
ACE: It was a pleasure to battle you, Billy.
BILLY: Yah! Same here, man.
JULIE: Ohhhh! Ace! You're such a great brawler!
ACE: C'mon Julie.
SHUN: Hey Dan!
DAN: Hey, what's up Shun?
DAN: I was just about to take my turn so I started...
SHUN: Sorry to interrupt, but I found something you
should see.
You guys need to get back here.
[\u266a]
DAN: This better be good, dude...
DAN: ...You know how I've been dying for some
Brawling action.
SHUN: This is a printout from the security camera.
DAN: [gasp] Vexos!
BARON: But how did they find us here?
SHUN: It was taken this morning when Billy arrived.
ACE: Great! You were followed!
BILLY: Oh no. I'm really sorry.
SHUN: I think they tracked Billy by locking on to his
Gauntlet signal.
BILLY: Sorry, guys. I really feel terrible.
JULIE: He didn't mean it, you know.
DAN: It doesn't matter...The Vexos are on
to us now, and that's bad!
MARUCHO: Very bad, indeed.
ELFIN: That means no more sitting around for us.
We can't just wait for them to surprise us in the
middle of the night.
DRAGO: Elfin's right.
We've been worried about defending ourselves.
It's time we came up with a plan of attack!
[\u266a]
DAN: Before the Vexos can fire up the Bakugan
Termination System, we have to go on the
offensive and attack them where they thought they
were the safest...the Mother Palace.
Only we don't know where it is.
DAN: Good thing Spectra does.
Unfortunately, we're not exactly friends so getting
him to tell us is a bit tricky.
Maybe if I challenge him to a Brawl and beat him,
he'll tell me what I want to know.
DAN: Then again, even if I do beat him, can I trust him?
DAN: Whatd'ya think, Drago?
Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Check it out.
[\u266a]